My kids wanted these weird dolls. Buying for Christmas gift. I think they are real. lol came in Omar sealed box and the doll was in a bag. I'm glad I got two different colors. You won't now what color you'll get. Price was decent when compared online and arrived quickly. Would recommend if your child wants this ugly doll that does nothing.

I purchased a Big Energy Labubu. Shipping was fast however actual popmart box was opened and a stockx tag was added to labubu on the keychain. My version was in a drawstring bag. The toy, bag, and card are in excellent condition but I can understand the disappointment of not being able to fully unbox.

The whole point was to be surprised when you open the box and see what Labubu you recieved well there was no box. It was delivered in a bag and now box. I have disappointed grandchildren. There was NO BOX just a bag that you knew what you received. Are they really Labubu's someon need to tell me.

I received mine in a black bag that did not contain the box, only the bag the labubu comes in. When I contacted the seller they said they did this because the box gets damaged in shipping. I believe this is a cop out answer so they can open the box themselves. Someone also has already scanned the QR verification code so I can't even see if it's real. It looks potentially real, but not sending the box makes me believe they are searching for the secrets and keeping them for themselves. Do not buy, the labubu might be real but the entire situation is shady.

Item was shipped out of box. it was in a Labubu bag, that was in a clear plastic bag. That was in a shipping bag. Item was returned to the store for a refund. I didn't even open the clear plastic to look at it. I bought this as a gift and I can't give this to someone as new if it didn't even come in it's proper packaging.

Received the item in a bag instead of the proper Labubu box. Extremely disappointed as this was meant to be a surprise gift and now looks illegitimate. Would not recommend ordering from here. Seller just said sorry it got damaged and offered no assistance.

This is a fake. The packaging is not even correct! It came in a bag! I already messaged about how this was a birthday gift and because it came so late it was ruined. And now I see it's a fake?!! It came in a bag! This ruined my daughter's birthday and a waste of time. The tag on the doll is ridiculous. The seller has not responded when I sent a video of my daughter opening the fake Labubu. Has not tried to make it right. Disappointing

This Labubu was purchased as a gift but did not come in the original package. The pictures before purchasing showed an unboxed Labubu. It is either used or a phony. Do not purchase from this seller.

so first of all it didn't even come from pop mart itself just some random person. second of all it didn't come in it's box and has a hold in the plastic that someone obviously checked to see which one it was and didn't want it. this is super shady

do not purchase. this came packaged in plastic with zero authenticity documentation that you'd expect to find on a legitimate product. THIS IS FAKE DO NOT BUY.

