This is my VERY FIRST Labubu doll and OH MY GOD, I ABSOLUTELY LOVE HER. She looks absolutely amazing sitting here on my desk, beside my laptop. She will keep me company. She is JUST as advertised. Everything about her is PERFECT. I don't understand why THESE aren't sold out. They're affordable AND they're authentic...The REAL deal. Anyway, you REALLY need to get this doll, if you collect Labubu dolls. When I took her out of the box, it was LOVE at FIRST sight. I named her, Pip. Get this Labubu. You will NEVER EVER regret it.

She is so cute and soft! Her little crown, heart and ribbon are all great quality as well. I’m not into the labubu craze, but I just had to get this one. 10/10 purchase and it arrived within 2 days so I didn’t have to wait long.

I purchased this delightful toy for my granddaughter, and it has quickly become a favorite! It features the Pop Mart logo on the bottom of its foot. I couldn't be happier with this purchase—it's charming and sure to bring her endless joy!

Adorable and legit from popmart. Very quick shipping, I love getting labubus on Amazon.

I'm glad that POP MART has an official storefront on Amazon, but the quality of how they pack the items shipped from Amazon isn't that great. They don't have the tissue wrapping that usually covers the package like those shipped from their warehouses. So, you get scratches on the plastic packaging or sometimes a small dent. So, beware. However, the item inside is fine.

Scanned the QR code and it took me to the website, but it wanted me to verify the last 4 numbers and they did not match any of the numbers on my box or the tag on the doll. Also QR code on actual doll would not scan. I have never had this happen before. Thought it was weird that I could buy one through Amazon

My daughter is over the moon to have a real Labubu. She’s super cute. The crown is paper though. I’m not impressed with that-especially given the price for this little stuffie. I hope the crown holds up through playing and dangling from her purse.

Shipping was awful, but for the price drop maybe worth the hasstle, and im glad I knew what I was getting because if im paying this much that mystery stuff can kick rocks

Box was broken and it looked looked it was dragged behind the amazon truck. Actual terrifying toy was fine. My son will love this ugly guy.

not scanning tried to message, but not working

